Update xdm.md (#39)
subspace/protocol-specs: docs/decex/xdm.md

Consensus chain maintains a `ChainAllowList` to keep track of the authorized domain chains that can establish channels with the Consensus chain. `ChainAllowList` can be defined at Genesis and can be updated later by the sudo account adding or removing chains.

> When a Consensus chain receives an `initiate_channel` XDM to open the channel, if the `dst_chain_id` is in the allowlist, then channel is opened else XDM is rejected.

Reviewer: XDM wont be rejected but instead chain will not open the channel. It will stay in channel init state on both chains.
Once the channel is closed, channel owner can claim their reserve

Practically, this means that a newly initialized domain chain needs to be approved by governance and added to the Consensus chain's `ChainAllowList` before it can initiate a channel with the Consensus chain.

Similarly, each domain chain maintains its own `DomainChainAllowList` to keep track of the authorized domains it can establish channels with. This allows the domains to control and restrict which other domains they want to interact with. Updating domain-specific lists is done within a domain by the domain's sudo or governance, without consensus chain approval.

### Initiate Channel

1. Channel `initiate_channel` transaction is sent by a user of the `src_chain_id` domain.

> 2. If both chains are in the allow list of each other, the next available `ChannelID` is assigned to the new channel.

Reviewer: channelId is still assigned but channel is left in Init state

> 3. If the `src_chain_id` is not in the allow listof `dst_chain_id`, destination chain does not open a channel, but rather leaves it in `Initiated` state and responds with an `Err`. When the error response is received on source chain, it also does not open then channel and leaves it in the `Initiated` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the `src_chain_id` is not in the allow list of `dst_chain_id`, destination chain does not open a channel, but rather leaves it in `Initiated` state and responds with an `Err`. When the error response is received on source chain, it also does not open then channel and leaves it in the `Initiated` state.
```

### Close Channel

> Any domain of either end of an `Open` or `Initiated` channel can close the channel:

Reviewer: This is not done yet but will be handled in next PR. Currently just Open channels can be closed. FYI

Author: Understood. The spec is prescriptive here of what should be happenning.
